Add scraper for Rekord Pretoria-North (#17)
public-people/scrape-news: README.md

    ...
```

> #### Using xpath css instead of css for classes

Reviewer: Looks like the intent of the heading wasn't clear - does this make more sense?
Primarily this section is about how css is better than xpath for classes. Secondly it tries to confirm that yes, both are options.

```suggestion
#### CSS lookup is preferred over XPath for HTML classes
```

> #### Using xpath css instead of css for classes

Reviewer: Looks like the intent of the heading wasn't clear - does this make more sense?
Primarily this section is about how css is better than xpath for classes. Secondly it tries to confirm that yes, both are options.

```suggestion
#### CSS lookup is preferred over XPath for HTML classes
```
